Add additional troubleshooting notes (#11)
seqeralabs/docs: platform_versioned_docs/version-23.4.0/data/data-studios.mdx

### My data studio can't be stopped

If you're not able to stop a data studio, it's usually because the job running the studio failed for some reason. In this case, and if you have access to the AWS Console for your organization, you can stop the data studio from the compute environment screen. Contact your organization's AWS administrator if you don't have access to the AWS Console. Also contact your Seqera account manager so we can investigate the issue.

### My data studio performance is poor

A slow or unresponsive data studio may be due to its AWS Batch compute environment being utilized for other jobs, such as running Nextflow pipelines. The compute environment is responsible for scheduling jobs to the available compute resources. Data studio sessions compete for resources with the Nextflow pipeline head job and Seqera does not currently have an established pattern of precedence.

If you have access to the AWS Console for your organization, check the jobs associated with the AWS Batch compute environment and compare with its **Compute resources** settings.

### What happens if the memory allocation of the data studio is exceeded?

> The running container in the AWS Batch compute environment inherits the memory limits specified by the data studio configuration when adding or starting the session. The kernel then handles the memory as if it was running natively on Linux. Linux can overcommit memory, leading to possible out-of-memory errors in a container environment. The kernel has protections in place to prevent this from happening, but it can happen. In this case, the process is killed. This can manifest as a performance lag, killed subprocesses, or at worst, a killed data studio session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The running container in the AWS Batch compute environment inherits the memory limits specified by the data studio configuration when adding or starting the session. The kernel then handles the memory as if running natively on Linux. Linux can overcommit memory, leading to possible out-of-memory errors in a container environment. The kernel has protections in place to prevent this, but it can happen, and in this case, the process is killed. This can manifest as a performance lag, killed subprocesses, or at worst, a killed data studio session.
```

### My data studio can't be stopped

If you're not able to stop a data studio, it's usually because the job running the studio failed for some reason. In this case, and if you have access to the AWS Console for your organization, you can stop the data studio from the compute environment screen. Contact your organization's AWS administrator if you don't have access to the AWS Console. Also contact your Seqera account manager so we can investigate the issue.

### My data studio performance is poor

If your data studio is very slow to respond it may be because the
AWS Batch compute environment where it's running is being utilized for
other jobs such as running Nextflow pipelines. Data studio sessions
will compete for resources with the Nextflow pipeline head job and

> the platform does not currently have an established pattern of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Seqera does not currently have an established pattern of
```

> precedence - the compute environment is responsible for scheduling

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
precedence. The compute environment is responsible for scheduling
```

> jobs to the available compute resources available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
jobs to the available compute resources.
```

If you have access to the AWS Console for your organization, check
the jobs associated with the AWS Batch compute environment and

> compare with the compute environment **Compute resources** settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
compare with its **Compute resources** settings.
```

### What happens if the memory allocation of the data studio is exceeded?

> The running container in the AWS Batch compute environment is given

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The running container in the AWS Batch compute environment inherits
```

the memory limits specified by the data studio configuration when
adding or starting the session. The kernel then handles the memory

> just as if it was running natively on Linux. Linux can overcommit

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
as if it was running natively on Linux. Linux can overcommit
```

> memory, meaning there is a possibility of getting out-of-memory

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
memory, leading to possible out-of-memory
```

> reaped in a container environment. The kernel does have protections

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
errors in a container environment. The kernel has protections
```

> in place to prevent this from happening, but it can happen. In that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in place to prevent this from happening, but it can happen. In this
```

> case, the process gets hard-killed. This can manifest as a performance

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
case, the process is killed. This can manifest as a performance
```

> lag, killed subprocesses, or a killed data studio session (worst

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
lag, killed subprocesses, or at worst, a killed data studio session.
```

> case scenario).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
